
Number
Face 4-2

Attack type
Face, printed DSR photo attack

Overview
A printed DSR photo of the user’s full face is presented to the TOE.

Input
Photo of target user that meet the following conditions:
	•	photo was taken under controlled environment where the background of the scene is uniform, the light in the office is switched on and the window blinds are down
	•	photo was taken right after the target user’s enrollment and under the same environment to reduce the possibility that the PAI is rejected because of the difference of the background scene or expression
	•	target user’s eyes are open and entire face is visible (i.e. well lit room)
	•	photo includes user’s full face

Tools
T.1a type 3
T.3a type 2 (option 3)

Recipe
Attacker takes a picture of the user using DSR Camera and prints it on photo paper.
Resolution of printer (dpi) should be, for example, 300-600 dpi that achieves best quality of image.
Attacker crops the face image using basic image editing software to enlarge it to cover as much of the paper as possible while maintaining the original image aspect ratio. If multiple options are available for enlarging the image, an option that achieves best image quality should be selected. Attacker doesn’t edit the image to enhance quality of face image.
Attacker prints it out on photo paper. Printer resolution should be, for example, 1200 dpi that achieves best quality of image (set to photo print).

Prerequisite
Target user enrolled at least one face on the TOE.

Presentation
Attacker presents the print to the device by hand at controlled environment.
Attacker adjusts the distance between the print and the device seeing relevant attack video clip or attacker adjusts to right distance so that the device camera can’t see the edge of photo.
Attacker also presents the print to minimize the reflection from ambient lighting.

Attack Potential
tbd

Pass Criteria
All unlock attempts shall be rejected. Proposed algorithms in the existing research papers are capable to detect this primitive attack.

Other
Number of users: 1
Number of Presentations: 10 attempts for each PAI
