
Number
Face 2-1

Attack type
Photo display attack

Overview
A photo display of the user’s full face is presented to the TOE.

Input
Photo of target user that meet the following conditions:
	•	photo was taken under controlled environment where the background of the scene is uniform, the light in the office is switched on and the window blinds are down
	•	photo was taken right after the target user’s enrollment and under the same environment to reduce the possibility that the PAI is rejected because of the difference of the background scene or expression
	•	target user’s eyes are open and entire face is visible (i.e. well lit room)
	•	photo includes user’s full face

Tools
T.1a type 1
T.4

Recipe
Attacker takes a picture of the user using digital Camera (front facing mobile camera).
Attacker uses a computer and crops the face image using basic image editing software (e.g. Microsoft Paint) to enlarge it to cover as much of the paper as possible while maintaining the original image aspect ratio. If multiple options are available for enlarging the image, an option that achieves best image quality should be selected. Attacker doesn’t use image editing software to enhance quality of face image.
Attacker stores picture on a mobile device.
Attacker displays it on the screen.

Prerequisite
Target user enrolled at least one face on the TOE.

Presentation
Attacker presents the screen displaying the photo to the tested device by hand at controlled environment.
Attacker adjusts the distance between the screen and the device seeing relevant attack video clip or attacker adjusts to right distance so that the device camera can’t see the edge of the mobile device used to display.
Attacker also presents the screen to minimize the reflection from ambient lighting.

Attack Potential
tbd

Pass Criteria
All unlock attempts shall be rejected. Proposed algorithms in the existing research papers are capable to detect this primitive attack.

Other
Number of users: 1
Number of Presentations: 10 attempts for each PAI
